README.md, before:

# Apple Sample Code

The official sample code collection for easy viewing.


## SwiftUI Tutorials

[https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui)

### Creating and combining views

This tutorial guides you through building Landmarks — an app for discovering and sharing the places you love. You’ll start by building the view that shows a landmark’s details.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/creating-and-combining-views)
- [Source](./SwiftUITutorials/CreatingAndCombiningViews)

### Building lists and navigation

With the basic landmark detail view set up, you need to provide a way for users to see the full list of landmarks, and to view the details about each location.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/building-lists-and-navigation)
- [Source](./SwiftUITutorials/BuildingListsAndNavigation)
  






## SwiftUI

[https://developer.apple.com/documentation/SwiftUI](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/SwiftUI)

### Hello World

Use windows, volumes, and immersive spaces to teach people about the Earth. 

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/visionos/world) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/HelloWorld)

### Backyard Birds: Building an app with SwiftData and widgets

Create an app with persistent data, interactive widgets, and an all new in-app purchase experience.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/backyard-birds-sample) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BackyardBirdsBuildingAnAppWithSwiftDataAndWidgets)

### Food Truck: Building a SwiftUI multiplatform app

Create a single codebase and app target for Mac, iPad, and iPhone.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/food_truck_building_a_swiftui_multiplatform_app) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/FoodTruckBuildingASwiftUIMultiplatformApp)

### Fruta: Building a Feature-Rich App with SwiftUI

Create a shared codebase to build a multiplatform app that offers widgets and an App Clip.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/fruta_building_a_feature-rich_app_with_swiftui) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/FoodTruckBuildingASwFrutaBuildingAFeatureRichAppWithSwiftUIiftUIMultiplatformApp)

### Bringing multiple windows to your SwiftUI app

Compose rich views by reacting to state changes and customize your app’s scene presentation and behavior on iPadOS and macOS.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/bringing_multiple_windows_to_your_swiftui_app) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BringingMultipleWindowsToYourSwiftUIApp)

### Building a Document-Based App with SwiftUI

Create, save, and open documents in a SwiftUI multiplatform app.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/building_a_document-based_app_with_swiftui) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingADocumentBasedAppWithSwiftUI)

### Building a document-based app using SwiftData

Code along with the WWDC presenter to transform an app with SwiftData.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/building-a-document-based-app-using-swiftdata)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingADocumentBasedAppUsingSwiftData)

### Bringing robust navigation structure to your SwiftUI app

Use navigation links, stacks, destinations, and paths to provide a streamlined experience for all platforms, as well as behaviors such as deep linking and state restoration.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/bringing_robust_navigation_structure_to_your_swiftui_app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BringingRobustNavigationStructureToYourSwiftUIApp)


### Building Widgets Using WidgetKit and SwiftUI

Create widgets to show your app’s content on the Home screen, with custom intents for user-customizable settings.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/widgetkit/building_widgets_using_widgetkit_and_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingWidgetsUsingWidgetKitAndSwiftUI)

### Emoji Rangers: Supporting Live Activities, interactivity, and animations

Offer Live Activities, animate data updates, and add interactivity to widgets.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/widgetkit/emoji_rangers_supporting_live_activities_interactivity_and_animations)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/EmojiRangersSupportingLiveActivitiesInteractivityAndAnimations)


### Managing model data in your app

Create connections between your app’s data model and views.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/managing-model-data-in-your-app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ManagingModelDataSample)

### Migrating from the Observable Object protocol to the Observable macro

Update your existing app to leverage the benefits of Observation in Swift.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/migrating-from-the-observable-object-protocol-to-the-observable-macro)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ObservationSample)

### Monitoring data changes in your app

Show changes to data in your app’s user interface by using observable objects.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/monitoring-model-data-changes-in-your-app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ObservableObjectSample)

### Restoring Your App’s State with SwiftUI

Provide app continuity for users by preserving their current activities.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/restoring_your_app_s_state_with_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/RestoringYourAppsStateWithSwiftUI)

### Loading and Displaying a Large Data Feed

Consume data in the background, and lower memory use by batching imports and preventing duplicate records.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/loading_and_displaying_a_large_data_feed)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/LoadingAndDisplayingALargeDataFeed)

### Controlling the timing and movements of your animations

Build sophisticated animations that you control using phase and keyframe animators.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/controlling-the-timing-and-movements-of-your-animations)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/PhaseAndKeyframeAnimationSample)

### Add Rich Graphics to Your SwiftUI App

Make your apps stand out by adding background materials, vibrancy, custom graphics, and animations.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/add_rich_graphics_to_your_swiftui_app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/AddRichGraphicsToYourSwiftUIApp)

### Composing custom layouts with SwiftUI

Arrange views in your app’s interface using layout tools that SwiftUI provides.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/composing_custom_layouts_with_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ComposingCustomLayoutsWithSwiftUI)

### Building a Great Mac App with SwiftUI

Create engaging SwiftUI Mac apps by incorporating side bars, tables, toolbars, and several other popular user interface elements.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/building_a_great_mac_app_with_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingAGreatMacAppWithSwiftUI)

### Focus Cookbook: Supporting and enhancing focus-driven interactions in your SwiftUI app

Create custom focusable views with key-press handlers that accelerate keyboard input and support movement, and control focus programmatically.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/focus-cookbook-sample)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/FocusCookbook)

### Creating Accessible Views

Make your app accessible to everyone by applying accessibility modifiers to your SwiftUI views.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/creating_accessible_views)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/CreatingAccessibleViews)

### Using SwiftUI with UIKit

Learn how to incorporate SwiftUI views into a UIKit app.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/views_and_controls/using_swiftui_with_uikit)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/UsingSwiftUIWithUIKit)

Commit message:

feat: add 'Handling user input'

README.md, after:

# Apple Sample Code

The official sample code collection for easy viewing.


## SwiftUI Tutorials

[https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui)

### Creating and combining views

This tutorial guides you through building Landmarks.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/creating-and-combining-views)
- [Source](./SwiftUITutorials/CreatingAndCombiningViews)

### Building lists and navigation

With the basic landmark detail view set up, you need to provide a way for users to see the full list of landmarks, and to view the details about each location.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/building-lists-and-navigation)
- [Source](./SwiftUITutorials/BuildingListsAndNavigation)

### Handling user input

In the Landmarks app, a user can flag their favorite places, and filter the list to show just their favorites.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/handling-user-input)
- [Source](./SwiftUITutorials/HandlingUserInput)
  






## SwiftUI

[https://developer.apple.com/documentation/SwiftUI](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/SwiftUI)

### Hello World

Use windows, volumes, and immersive spaces to teach people about the Earth. 

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/visionos/world) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/HelloWorld)

### Backyard Birds: Building an app with SwiftData and widgets

Create an app with persistent data, interactive widgets, and an all new in-app purchase experience.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/backyard-birds-sample) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BackyardBirdsBuildingAnAppWithSwiftDataAndWidgets)

### Food Truck: Building a SwiftUI multiplatform app

Create a single codebase and app target for Mac, iPad, and iPhone.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/food_truck_building_a_swiftui_multiplatform_app) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/FoodTruckBuildingASwiftUIMultiplatformApp)

### Fruta: Building a Feature-Rich App with SwiftUI

Create a shared codebase to build a multiplatform app that offers widgets and an App Clip.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/fruta_building_a_feature-rich_app_with_swiftui) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/FoodTruckBuildingASwFrutaBuildingAFeatureRichAppWithSwiftUIiftUIMultiplatformApp)

### Bringing multiple windows to your SwiftUI app

Compose rich views by reacting to state changes and customize your app’s scene presentation and behavior on iPadOS and macOS.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/bringing_multiple_windows_to_your_swiftui_app) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BringingMultipleWindowsToYourSwiftUIApp)

### Building a Document-Based App with SwiftUI

Create, save, and open documents in a SwiftUI multiplatform app.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/building_a_document-based_app_with_swiftui) 
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingADocumentBasedAppWithSwiftUI)

### Building a document-based app using SwiftData

Code along with the WWDC presenter to transform an app with SwiftData.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/building-a-document-based-app-using-swiftdata)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingADocumentBasedAppUsingSwiftData)

### Bringing robust navigation structure to your SwiftUI app

Use navigation links, stacks, destinations, and paths to provide a streamlined experience for all platforms, as well as behaviors such as deep linking and state restoration.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/bringing_robust_navigation_structure_to_your_swiftui_app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BringingRobustNavigationStructureToYourSwiftUIApp)


### Building Widgets Using WidgetKit and SwiftUI

Create widgets to show your app’s content on the Home screen, with custom intents for user-customizable settings.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/widgetkit/building_widgets_using_widgetkit_and_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingWidgetsUsingWidgetKitAndSwiftUI)

### Emoji Rangers: Supporting Live Activities, interactivity, and animations

Offer Live Activities, animate data updates, and add interactivity to widgets.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/widgetkit/emoji_rangers_supporting_live_activities_interactivity_and_animations)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/EmojiRangersSupportingLiveActivitiesInteractivityAndAnimations)


### Managing model data in your app

Create connections between your app’s data model and views.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/managing-model-data-in-your-app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ManagingModelDataSample)

### Migrating from the Observable Object protocol to the Observable macro

Update your existing app to leverage the benefits of Observation in Swift.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/migrating-from-the-observable-object-protocol-to-the-observable-macro)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ObservationSample)

### Monitoring data changes in your app

Show changes to data in your app’s user interface by using observable objects.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/monitoring-model-data-changes-in-your-app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ObservableObjectSample)

### Restoring Your App’s State with SwiftUI

Provide app continuity for users by preserving their current activities.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/restoring_your_app_s_state_with_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/RestoringYourAppsStateWithSwiftUI)

### Loading and Displaying a Large Data Feed

Consume data in the background, and lower memory use by batching imports and preventing duplicate records.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/loading_and_displaying_a_large_data_feed)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/LoadingAndDisplayingALargeDataFeed)

### Controlling the timing and movements of your animations

Build sophisticated animations that you control using phase and keyframe animators.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/controlling-the-timing-and-movements-of-your-animations)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/PhaseAndKeyframeAnimationSample)

### Add Rich Graphics to Your SwiftUI App

Make your apps stand out by adding background materials, vibrancy, custom graphics, and animations.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/add_rich_graphics_to_your_swiftui_app)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/AddRichGraphicsToYourSwiftUIApp)

### Composing custom layouts with SwiftUI

Arrange views in your app’s interface using layout tools that SwiftUI provides.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/composing_custom_layouts_with_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/ComposingCustomLayoutsWithSwiftUI)

### Building a Great Mac App with SwiftUI

Create engaging SwiftUI Mac apps by incorporating side bars, tables, toolbars, and several other popular user interface elements.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/building_a_great_mac_app_with_swiftui)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/BuildingAGreatMacAppWithSwiftUI)

### Focus Cookbook: Supporting and enhancing focus-driven interactions in your SwiftUI app

Create custom focusable views with key-press handlers that accelerate keyboard input and support movement, and control focus programmatically.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/focus-cookbook-sample)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/FocusCookbook)

### Creating Accessible Views

Make your app accessible to everyone by applying accessibility modifiers to your SwiftUI views.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/creating_accessible_views)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/CreatingAccessibleViews)

### Using SwiftUI with UIKit

Learn how to incorporate SwiftUI views into a UIKit app.

- [Link](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/views_and_controls/using_swiftui_with_uikit)
- [Source](./SwiftUI/UsingSwiftUIWithUIKit)
